How many creative minds do you have again? Its ridiculous that you think your opinion holds any ground against mine with an idea that the admins took and used all the time. I am an endgame player - if i sold ALL my skyblock cakes, ALL my pet collection (which is worth a lot even with candied pets) I can easily afford a tier boosted ender dragon and a giant's sword, which effectively makes me a lot farther along than most other end game players. I think the admins should just let me become a developer and give me another creative mind because that was also my idea and I should be reimbursed properly. If you guys think you're so good and better than me, try and get one yourself. Can you? I don't think so. The best you can do is just skillfully aoe one shot all the enemies you come across with your expensive gear. It shouldn't even be that expensive - look at recombs. Recombs should be less than 5 million coins even though they are 5 million coins to get from the chest. It sounds unreasonable but if your tiny pea dungeon player brains can even think properly, the mayor Paul reduces prices of dungeon loot by 20% so recombs shouldn't cost 5 million. If an item is too expensive for me to obtain, then its not fair to me as a content creator because it is now more difficult for me to gain and make 'content' out of it. However, once I get it due to inevitable price deflation its 'no longer worth it' and barely adds any content because I took too long to get the item myself and show it off. This is why Skyblock is dying - content creators like myself can't show off cool and new items because nothing is made in my own favor. And I already know what you guys are gonna say, "oh he has a big ego" or "oh all he does is complain" - I bet most people reading this message are just going to copy and paste it repeatedly to make fun of me but that's just going to reinforce my original point, I'm better than all of you, if you think you're better than me get some more creative minds.

